##  _ Testing out Vimwiki today _
----
### _ Screencast examples for yt _
Testing screencast

    ffmpeg ...
    

### _ Contact _
@deadshot

### _ Dev Tree _

    Unix Powertools (ptools)
      * sed_awk
      * shell_scripting

    Administration (admin)
      * adv_net

    SANS Security (sans)
      * net_pentest
----

### _ Some diary attempt in my head - you dont need to understand them kindly - _

-- I can easily `$ pmgr pName` to jump to wikis of my next project ( a side-project ) and `reach them well easy.`
-- If you cannot grab `tmux` today
-- How it is essential is `you know` you  can "SSH | Connect Remotely" to still have `sessions` that stay live.
-- Enough `coconut oil` stuffs already. Patched a script to create projects, attach them, kill-them "mental-overhead" free of --
-- loosing `your terminal session` as long as you have "saved this wiki".

-- Summary: Wikis are installed with the learning - that's good with 'the typing` thing.

I also `have a scratchpad wala tmux-terminal` floating in your screen.
Ctrl-Enter to toggle 'its visibilty'. Trust me, it's always there but you can choose to hide it.
Any tags (in dwm) but workspaces in all the other desktop thing in Linux. Any "blah" with laptop thing.
I'm not lost, but have written a quite while.
"What to write" might boogle you. Get this `font now`.
Let me setup my `screenshot script` in my home folder of my user in this computer and lot of words perhaps --
if you haven't SKIPped yet.
See the ciphers and escape. This is `my tip` lol! I'll `send screenshot` shortly and trouble you.

== These are `the diaries` section,
== you can write `diaries for every day` in Vim editor without `any hazzle` of setup up a website,
== so you can `view it` in github page or `website`.
== Looks great at https://greenwayrocks.github.io/mdwiki/#!index.md == Check out!

== I `really should` cut this text and put in it my diary and get started diaring, but `lab setup` is important.

### _ More should I diary? Nothing fancy here!

Snippets I used, could grab and set up but later into "coco" works. $$ COCONUT OIL stuffs $$
`I say it now` because `the wallpapers fit right that way and `the thing I type on` are heaven and hell.

$ tasks +vim "Here I go, if not now" is always there.

I don't like to use them, they are okay. Your setup, your thing.

### _ Riced perfectly for now _

My condition is `I can't see time other than tmux - bash shell`
- or a terminal window, that's OP for "selecting all tags".
