### _ A little thing for the diary _

_ ctrl -s is great I learned in 5. Well mine does "no display to what I type" in the shell.
_ ctrl-b to type out "/var/shared/"? Well I'd rather make it:

```bash
cat /dev/urandom
# learn /dev/null
# well everthing in Linux is a file
```

_ "gi" is handy - the G spot by theprimeagean.
_ the "vi; <C-n>/coco<CR> to write coco stuffs. What are they?
_ or wiki; <C-p>coco<CR> to fuzzy find the file.
_ Well i have the option of "one-keystroke", making it float, ...
_ a scratchpad that can be toggled to be hidden - i got three;
_ these things you can do in Windows too. Have "Git Bash" or WSl2 (check this, only this time sure).


Make it do whatever thing you got.

### _ Network Connectivity and Security _

- SSH Connectivity to passwordless connections 
- Git Pushs Automation but how?
- See a preview of my web server, how?
- Edit source code here not in a terminal.
- I want to smuggle packets now, I'll use a proxy!
- I want that service hosted here at my machine.
- I want this service hosted out there!
- I want that disk here!
- Anonymous FTP? Think Again. Use SCPOnly!

Hardware - Software - Network - Server - Ports ::

Let's start with Cloud first.
Oracle cloud, why? Because it's up and running 24/7.
Start with python markdown server.
In a non-GUI based Ubuntu server on Oracle Cloud.

[p1]:
SSH connect to Cloud. /etc/hosts file.
Connect with passhphrase.
Upload public key on my network PC.

Connect securely in networks: ssh user@host

[P]: Backup over network, even without saving it here in the first place.
Streaming an archive with SCP on the fly.

[P] SCP-Only chrooted environment.

[SSH-mount network drives as if attached here physically?]
Why? Perhaps I cannot edit files in command line.

[P2]:
How do I access that server's service as a client, see a markdown preview on a browser?
Well I could CURL, WGET, aria2c but how though?
A1: SSH Tunneling, http to https within that TUNNEL. 
We solved RSA algorithm some days ago.

Now this is a simple solution yet effective.

What more from SSH port 22 Tunnel that smuggles packets to other ports?

[P-last]:
I want to share files in a network using SSH.
But I wanna give hackers a hard time. You know what I'm going to do?
I'm gonna create a "chrooted environment" for that service/application.

[Git-SSH-Script-Problem]
Enter passphrase

[p] Can I script a git commit to be pushed to Github?
Of course you can.
It's easy as typing it out in a file instead of an interpreter.

[p0] But "Enter passphrase:" gonna be easy!


Cloud configured a static IP and a domain name pointed to that server: greenway.rocks
